README.md, before:

## Overview

MATSim provides a toolbox to run and implement large-scale agent-based
transport simulations. The toolbox consists of several modules which can be
combined or used stand-alone. Modules can be replaced by own implementations
to test single aspects of your own work. Currently, MATSim offers a toolbox
for demand-modeling, agent-based mobility-simulation (traffic flow simulation),
re-planning, a controller to iteratively run simulations as well as methods to
analyze the output generated by the modules.

All list of available extensions can be found in the [contribs](contribs/README.md) folder.

For more information, see the project website at http://www.matsim.org/.

## Questions

Have any questions? Visit https://matsim.org/faq
and see if it has already been answered. If not, post a new question.

## Development

The issue tracker is at https://matsim.org/issuetracker .

Build by running (from this directory, not any sub-directory):

```
mvn package -DskipTests
```

if you want to install the core only you can run

```
mvn install --also-make --projects matsim
```


## Binaries

Releases and release candidates, including information how to use them by Maven, Gradle, or similar, also for contribs, can be found at https://bintray.com/matsim/matsim/.

Snapshots, with the usual use-at-your-own-risk disclaimer, are at http://oss.jfrog.org/artifactory/simple/oss-snapshot-local/org/matsim/.

An example how to get started with your own project, including a complete pom.xml, is at https://github.com/matsim-org/matsim-example-project .

Code examples are at https://github.com/matsim-org/matsim-code-examples .

Commit message:

Update READMEs to make clear that this is a CML fork of MATSim central

README.md, after:

# Arup CML's Fork of MATSim

This is a local fork of the MATSim code base. We intend to make as few local changes to MATSim as we possibly can, but
every once in a while there will be something that we want or need to change that is not appropriate to push to
"MATSim central". These Arup-specific changes are handled here.

Initially we created this fork in order to make some changes to the road pricing extension, as described in the
[README of that subproject](contribs/roadpricing/README.md). We should use that as a template for making future
changes to specific modules, for example if we want to do something with the EV or emissions modules.
---

## Overview

MATSim provides a toolbox to run and implement large-scale agent-based
transport simulations. The toolbox consists of several modules which can be
combined or used stand-alone. Modules can be replaced by own implementations
to test single aspects of your own work. Currently, MATSim offers a toolbox
for demand-modeling, agent-based mobility-simulation (traffic flow simulation),
re-planning, a controller to iteratively run simulations as well as methods to
analyze the output generated by the modules.

All list of available extensions can be found in the [contribs](contribs/README.md) folder.

For more information, see the project website at http://www.matsim.org/.

## Questions

Have any questions? Visit https://matsim.org/faq
and see if it has already been answered. If not, post a new question.

## Development

The issue tracker is at https://matsim.org/issuetracker .

Build by running (from this directory, not any sub-directory):

```
mvn package -DskipTests
```

if you want to install the core only you can run

```
mvn install --also-make --projects matsim
```


## Binaries

Releases and release candidates, including information how to use them by Maven, Gradle, or similar, also for contribs, can be found at https://bintray.com/matsim/matsim/.

Snapshots, with the usual use-at-your-own-risk disclaimer, are at http://oss.jfrog.org/artifactory/simple/oss-snapshot-local/org/matsim/.

An example how to get started with your own project, including a complete pom.xml, is at https://github.com/matsim-org/matsim-example-project .

Code examples are at https://github.com/matsim-org/matsim-code-examples .
